Update Document.applets (#25897)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document/applets/index.md

{{APIRef("DOM")}} {{Deprecated_Header}}

> The **`applets`** property of the {{domxref("Document")}} returns an empty {{domxref("HTMLCollection")}}. This property is kept only for compatibility reasons; in older versions of browsers, it would return a list of the applets within a document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`applets`** property of the {{domxref("Document")}} returns an empty {{domxref("HTMLCollection")}}. This property is kept only for compatibility reasons; in older versions of browsers, it returned a list of the applets within a document.
```
